hello good are mechanical referents in
hospitalet and in this video I would like
introduce you to the new 730 protests
this is a 2015 model that ends us
to get there very little and in this
bike mount we have box
carbon scale in matt black colors
white more than lokomat e is a box of
less than one kilo of weight
wiring and internal wiring for the
change and external wiring for the prize
what makes it so much easier
work with the brake propose it
for the mechanic
and a two-dish transmission and 10
pine nuts the pine nuts are 11 36 and the
dishes are 26 38 measures
comes a change in sad
stands of 27 and a half with women and hands
and without cross
comes mounted with the 615 brakes from
week that are very similar to some sl x
or about 3
the operation is practically the
same
this visit comes with a cost
of 100 mm in front
the cete of that the three positions of
lock that is open property what
It causes a little harder and
blockage and we can go back to any of
the three positions
We carry the
9 front and 9 axle far back
and the box also comes with address
to peret that is an octagon above and a
fifth
comes mounted with 20 buttons
speeds
and everything that comes being power
handlebar seatpost are of the brand
without cross
two things that have called us quite
the attention is that in this year they have
varied the saddles have changed
they have made new models that have
rather better looking than the year
past
in terms of comfort it is wider in the
front part
very comfortable well mounted with a handlebar
without cross of 72 millimeters and the other
thing that I did not know about more the attention is
the powers the powers this year have
chosen to mount specific powers of
new measurements of wheels that the 27 and
medium and 29 if you look at the power of
up here it's flatter and here below
excelled the bottom part so that
the handlebar is a little lower and
we have no feeling that the bike
It is very high age
Well, these are the 2015 models
which you can continue to see in
our web page we are publishing them
all if you want to follow us
subscribe to the channel apart from the
presentation videos we have
enough videos of mechanics and for
anything else
you have a link below this video
to expel our offers and
our
thank you very much and until today